welcome to Hollywood everybody comes to
Hollywood got a dream what's your dream
when I was a little girl I would pretend
I was a princess trapped in the tower
and then this knight on a white horse
would come charging out and rescue me
tell me how to get to Beverly Hills
sure for five bucks you can't charge me
for directions I can do anything I want
to baby pain loss all right okay go
change 420 420 I'll show you person
[Music]
Wow breasts you kidding me I come here
all the time well color me happy there's
a sofa in here for to close your mouth
dear is this really the ship work she's
in sales
touchstone pictures presents the story
of the days and a date is business that
led to a deal I have a business
proposition for you I'm gonna be in town
until Sunday I'd like you to spend a
week with me
that's becoming a dream come true time
to shop get rid of your gum all right I
don't believe you did that
you're gonna be spending an obscene
amount of money in here so we're gonna
need a lot more help sucking up to us
because that's what sir if I may say so
you're in the right store and the right
City for that matter there are two
people who have no business being
together everybody is trying to land him
well I'm not trying to land him I'm just
using him for sex just doing a little
business company I'm buying this week
I'm getting for the bargain price of
about 1 billion a billion dollars your
folks must be really proud everything
was going their way until something
unexpected happened what's wrong with
you this week well and welcome can I not
teach you anything I'm not stupid okay
I'm not they can find you an apartment
or a lot more I want the varied and I
thank you Joe I'm very special
Touchstone Pictures presents Richard
Gere so what happened after climbed up
the tower and rescued her Julia Roberts
she rescues him right back
pretty woman maybe you guys go like get
a house together
buy some diamonds
[Music]
you